"Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun's rays do not burn until brought to a focus."
Alexander Graham Bell
"When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too."
Paulo Coelho
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible."
Tony Robbins
"Don’t count the days, make the days count."
Muhammad Ali
"You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction."
George Lorimer
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway."
Earl Nightingale
"A year from now you may wish you had started today."
Karen Lamb
"Don’t sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them."
Madam C.J Walker
"Believe you can and you’re halfway there."
Theodore Roosevelt
"There will always be hurdles in life, but if you want to achieve a goal, you must continue."
Malala Yousafzai
"Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there."
Will Rogers
"You can get what you want or you can just get old."
Billy Joel
"Build your own dreams or someone else will hire you to build theirs."
Farrah Gray
"If you want to be a true professional, do something outside yourself."
Ruth Bader Ginsburg
"Very often a change of self is needed more than a change of scene."
Arthur Christopher Benson
"Even if I don’t reach all my goals, I’ve gone higher than I would have if I hadn’t set any."
Danielle Fotopoulis
"Success is where preparation and opportunity meet."
Bobby Unser
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out."
Robert Collier
"Success is a state of mind. If you want success, start thinking of yourself as a success."
Joyce Brothers
"The sun himself is weak when he first rises and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on."
Charles Dickens
"If something is wrong, fix it now. But train yourself not to worry, worry fixes nothing."
Ernest Hemingway
"If you have built castles in the air, your work need not be lost; that is where they should be. Now put foundations under them."
Henry David Thoreau
"You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club."
Jack London
"Tough times never last, but tough people do."
Dr. Robert Schuller
"Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen."
Conan O’Brien
"It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste."
Henry Ford
"You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight."
Jim Rohn
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit."
Aristotle
"Don’t judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant."
Robert Louis Stevenson
"If you are not growing, you are dying."
Tony Robbins
"The expert in anything was once a beginner."
Helen Hayes
"You will never find time for anything. If you want time, you must make it."
Charles Buxton
"Be sure when you step, step with care and great tact. And remember that life is a great balancing act."
Dr. Seuss
"If you get tired, learn to rest, not to quit."
Banksy
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits."
Thomas Edison
"The hard days are what make you stronger."
Aly Raisman
"The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems."
Mahatma Gandhi
"You cannot change your destination overnight, but you can change your direction overnight."
Jim Rohn
"If you want to succeed, you should strike out on new paths rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success."
John Rockefeller
"If you really want to eat, keep climbing. The fruits are on the top of the tree. Stretch your hands and keep stretching them. Success is on the top, keep going."
Israelmore Ayivor
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream."
C. S. Lewis
"My attitude has always been, if you fall flat on your face, at least you’re moving forward. All you have to do is get back up and try again."
Richard Branson
"Things aren't always easy, but you just have to keep going and don't let the small stuff bog you down."
Stella Maeve
"When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up."
Roy T. Bennett
"Keep going and keep growing. Never allow those who do not know where you are going to stop you from going where you should be going."
Gift Gugu Mona
"The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time."
Joe Girard
"People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily."
Zig Ziglar
"Life is like a sewer… what you get out of it depends on what you put into it."
Tom Lehrer
"Do what you can, with what you have, where you are."
Theodore Roosevelt
"I’d rather regret the things I’ve done than regret the things I haven’t done."
Lucille Ball



